# Hospital-Management-System
 Hospital Management System Java Project        A “Hospital Management System’’ is a computerizedmanagement system. This management system has been developed to form whole management system including Employees, Doctors (consultants), Nurses, Patients, Bills, and Complains etc. This system also keeps the records of hardware assets besides software of this organization. The proposed system will keep a track of Employees, Doctors, Patients, Accounts and generation of report regarding the present status. This project has GUI based software that will help in storing, updating and retrieving the information through various user-friendly menu-driven modules. OBJECTIVES OF THE PROJECT     The project “Hospital Management System” is aimed to develop to maintainthe day-to-day state of admission/discharge of Patients, List of Doctors (Consultants), List of medicines, Bills etc. There are following main objectives of the Hospital:         Keeping records of admission of patient.     Keeping patient-care as utmost priority.     Scheduling the appointment of Patient with Doctor (Consultant) to makeit convenient for both.     Scheduling the services of specialized Doctor (Consultant) and emergencyproperly so that facilities provided by Hospital are fully utilized in effective and efficient manner.     Keeping records of Medicine department in a meticulously arranged order so that the treatment of Patient becomes quick and satisfactory.     Keeping details about the consultants, their Prescriptions and treatments, surgery reports etc.     Keeping the best laboratory facilities and diagnostic tools for early and clear Diagnosis of the disease and early cure and disposal of the patient.     Keeping explicit details about the patient’s diseases, diagnosis and management for comprehensive research.     Keeping the records of salary structure of the employees of Hospital by billingapproach.
